= Release History

== 10.03.05 // 2010-03-05

This release improves upon the templates. All now utilize
Eric Meyer's reset.css (http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/),
and more generally continue to be simplifed. In conjunction
the way WebMe handles colors has been improved. A single
primary color is provided to the templates and they can
manifupulate as needed (eg. color.darker). And lastly, it is
now possible to specify the font to use on the command line
or in configuration.

Changes:

* Use Eric Meyer's reset.css across all templates.
* Adjust how color is given to the templates.
* Provide custom font configuration option.
* Use new versioning scheme.


== 0.6 // 2010-02-10

The biggest change in version 0.6 is the dependency on
Tilt (http://github.com/rtomayko/tilt). Also in this
release template files need to end in +.erb.+ on order
to be processed by ERB. Finally, WebMe will also attempt
to figure out the format of README if it has no extension.
The algorithm is primative at this point, but will improve
in the next release.

Changes:

* Depends on Tilt (http://github.com/rtomayko/tilt).
* Templates need .erb prefix to be processed by ERB.
* Determine format of README w/o extensions.


== 0.5 // 2010-01-22

This release adds support for Tilt to render README files.
This means it can support a larger variety of README 
formats including Textile. It also improves some
configuration options, and removes the default ad.

Changes:

* Support a variety of README formats via Tilt
* New command option to force the type of README file
* Fallback advertisement has been removed
* Define an advertisement via .config/webme/advert.html


== 0.4 // 2010-01-19

This is minor update which mainly makes some
under-the-hood adjustments.

Changes:

* Fixed text color for joy and nicjr templates 
* Finally get some test coverage via Lemon
* Name defaults to snakecase title if not otherwise found
* Improved README lookup


== 0.3 // 2009-11-17

This is a significant release for WebMe as it is the
first to be made public.

Changes:

* Added additional templates (joy, nicjr, etc.)
* Can utilize POM metadata in templates.
* Progress toward better CSS conventions.
* Can fetch a random logo from YAHOO Image Search.
* Colorization based on project title.


== 0.1 // 2009-10-17

Hey, I had this great idea I'm calling <s>ReadWe</s> WebMe.

Changes:

* Started project.

