= WebMe

* home: http://proutils.github.com/webme
* rdocs: http://proutils.github.com/webme/rdoc
* source: http://github.com/proutils/webme
* forum: http://googlegroups.com/group/proutils


== DESCRIPTION:

WebMe converts a README file, in either RDoc or Markdown format,
into a simple website.

WebMe's output is nice and can serve as ones final site
design --there are a number or templates to choose from.
However, WebMe is primarily intended to give developers a jumpstart
on creating there own unique and even nicer looking site once 
their README document is mature.

WebMe is still an early development, so expect some rought edges
as I improve and add new features.


== SYNOPSIS:

WebMe is a POM-based project. You first should make sure you have
a reasonablly complete <tt>meta/</tt> directory already setup for your
project. See http://proutils.github.com/pom for more information.

After that, usage is quite easy. Many defaults settings are built
into system. So a simple:

  $ webme

From the root of a project is enough to produce a site. By default
WebMe looks for either <tt>website/</tt>, <tt>web/</tt>, or <tt>site/</tt>
directories to place the generated files. If none of these is found it will
create a <tt>site/</tt> directory for the purpose. To use an alternate
location supply the <tt>--output</tt> or <tt>-o</tt> option. Eg.

  $ webme -o html/

WebMe comes bundled with a number of differnt templates. Specify the
template you'd like to use with the -t option.

  $ webme -t joy

If WebMe finds a <tt>config/webme/options.yml</tt> file (or in <tt>.config/</tt>),
it will load it and use the settings specified there. This can be very useful in
the early period of project development, as it allows you to adjust the
look of your site and reapeat the same settings as ones README improves.

All built-in templates use a common layout of:

  assets/
    images/
    includes/
    scripts/
    styles/
  index.html

While not strictly neccessary, it's a useful convention. Two files
are treated specially by some templates, <tt>assets/images/logo.png</tt>
and <tt>assets/includes/advert.html</tt>. If these files are found the template
may try to incorporate them into the site. The logo image does not have
to be a +png+ file. It can be a +gif+ or +jpg+ as well. If the logo file 
is not found the template may attempt to find a suitable candidtate on the
Internet (via Yahoo Search API) and save it. Note this feature requires
BOSSman. See http://github.com/bossman.

BTW. This website is generate using WebMe, with no further augmentation.


== INSTALLATION:

To install with RubyGems simply open a console and type:

  $ gem install webme

To do a site install you will need Setup.rb, then download the tar.gz
package and type:

  $ tar -xvzf webme-x.y.z.tgz
  $ cd webme-x.y.z.tgz
  $ sudo setup.rb


== COPYING:

Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas Sawyer

This program is ditributed unser the terms of the GPL license.

Please see COPYING file.

