= Test Project

* home: http://proutils.github.com/webme
* rdocs: http://proutils.github.com/webme/rdoc
* discuss: http://googlegroups.com/group/proutils
* source: http://github.com/proutils/webme


== DESCRIPTION:

WebMe converts a README file, in either RDoc or Markdown format,
into a simple website.

WebMe's output is fairly nice and can serve as a final site
design if one chooses. And there are a number or templates
to choose from. However, WebMe is primarily intended to give 
the developer a <i>starter site</i> upon which to create a
unique and even nicer looking site, once a project's README
document is mature.


== USAGE:

WebMe is a POM-based project. You must first make sure your project
has a reasonably complete set of <tt>meta/</tt> entries.
See http://proutils.github.com/pom for more information.

After that, usage is very easy. Many defaults settings are built
into the system. So a simple:

  $ webme

from the root of a project is enough to produce a site. By default
WebMe looks for either <tt>site/</tt>, <tt>web/</tt>, or <tt>website/</tt>
directories to place its generated files. If none of these is found it will
create a <tt>site/</tt> directory for the purpose. To use an alternate
location supply the <tt>--output</tt> or <tt>-o</tt> option. Eg.

  $ webme -o html/

If the output directory already exists, <tt>webme</tt> will ask you
to provide the <tt>--force</tt> option to confirm that it is okay
to overwrite any files within that directory.

WebMe comes bundled with a number of differnt templates. You can
get a list of these templates with the <tt>--list</tt> option.

  $ webme --list

Specify the template you'd like to use with the <tt>--template</tt>
or <tt>-t</tt> option.

  $ webme -t joy

If WebMe finds a <tt>webme/options.yml</tt> file in the project's <tt>config/</tt>
or <tt>.config/</tt> directory, or the users <tt>$HOME/.config</tt> directory,
it will load it and use the settings specified there. This can be very useful in
the early period of a project's development, as it allows for the adjustment of
the look of a site and reapeat the same settings as the project's README improves.

All built-in templates use a common layout of:

  assets/
    images/
    includes/
    scripts/
    styles/
  index.html

While this layout is not strictly neccessary, it's a useful convention.

If WebMe finds an <tt>assets/includes/advert.html</tt> file, some templates
will incorporate that into the site.

Also, if WebMe finds a <tt>assets/images/logo.*</tt> file, some templates will try
to incorporate it into the site. The logo image can be a +png+, +gif+ or +jpg+.
If the logo file is not found the template may attempt to find a suitable
candidtate on the Internet (via Yahoo Search API) and save it. Note this feature
requires BOSSman (http://github.com/bossman) and a Yahoo Application ID stored
in <tt>.config/webme/yahoo.id</tt> (or alike config directory as mentioned above).

By the way, this website is generated using WebMe, without any additional augmentation.


== INSTALLATION:

To install with RubyGems simply open a console and type:

  $ gem install webme

To do a site install you will need Setup.rb, then download the tar.gz
package and type:

  $ tar -xvzf webme-0.3.tgz
  $ cd webme-0.3.tgz
  $ sudo setup.rb


== COPYING:

Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas Sawyer

This program is ditributed unser the terms of the GPL license.

Please see COPYING file.

